Generate UMD Build using sample's Webpack config (#1573)
webex/webex-js-sdk: README.md

#### _A note on browser usage_

> We do provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.webex`, which is hosted on our repo and can be used with either [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/) [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.webex`, which is hosted on our repo and can be used with either [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/), or [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).
```

> We do provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.webex`, which is hosted on our repo and can be used with either [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/), or [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.Webex`, which is hosted on our repo and can be used with either [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/), or [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).
```

Since we export `Webex` https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk/pull/1573/files#diff-11e9f7f953edc64ba14b0cc350ae7b9dR20

> We do provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.Webex`, which is hosted on our repo and can be used with either [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/), or [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We provide a built, minified version of the SDK, that includes `window.Webex`. You can access it via [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/), [jsdelivr](https://jsdelivr.com/), or [gitcdn.xyz](https://gitcdn.xyz/).
```

```html
<!-- unpkg -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/webex/umd/webex.min.js"></script>
<!-- jsdelivr -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/webex/umd/webex.min.js"></script>
<!-- gitcdn -->

> <script src="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/webex/spark-js-sdk/master/packages/node_modules/webex/umd/webex.min.js"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script src="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/webex/webex-js-sdk/master/packages/node_modules/webex/umd/webex.min.js"></script>
```
